in this video I'm going to show you how
to turn $11,000 into $45,000 through
email and over the last 90 days we spent
just under 10 million emails from
acquisition. comom and we generate tens
of millions of dollars across our
portfolio using email itself and in this
video I'm going to break down emails
that I've sent and I'll give you the 10
tactics that have worked very well for
us so far first things first here's why
I think you should do email I was a
and decided to not email for the
vast majority of my life because I hate
money apparently and so the average Roi
for email depending on the source you
look at is between 35 and 45 return so
that means that for every dollar you
spend on software or putting time into
your email you can get like $45 back
like imagine if there was a stock
investment that you could 50x in a week
well that's kind of like what email is
and people still don't do it myself
included and part of the reason that
making money on email is more profitable
is because you actually already spent
the time to acquire this contact and in
a lot of ways emails just follow up and
so you spent the cost to acquire the
lead now you're just reminding them that
you exist and so basically the only real
cost is just whatever software you use
and whoever or whomever you may have to
pay in order to write the emails that's
pretty much it and so one email writer
can send an email to 10 million people
and that is a tremendous amount of
Leverage that you get in your business
that a lot of people ignore on top of
that email is one of the most consumed
media platforms and it hasn't died down
so 61% of people check their their email
multiple times per day 20% of people
check it multiple times per hour it has
almost the same consumption rate as
social media in terms of how engaged
some of the users are of people reading
their emails every single day and what's
cool about email is that it's actually
uh uniform across age groups and so you
can see between 15 and 24 25 and 44 45
and 64 and 65 plus pretty much everyone
90% you know plus or 84 the very end
bracket there read email all the time if
you're going to master something it's
one that transcends age groups and I'll
bet you even though we don't have the
metric it transcends countries as well I
would bet you that UK people probably
respond similar to us people probably
even respond similar to Chinese people
in terms of their email consumption and
I know just because I've gone back and
forth with Chinese you know uh providers
and warehouses and things like that
they're pretty responsive on email too
and so a massive very invisible platform
and so as I think about email the
objective of the email has one of two
purposes one is to increase the
likelihood that this person purchases in
the future or that they purchase that's
fundamentally it and so basically has
the exact same objectives as content and
so it's just a different form of content
consumption except where you can
guarantee that you get delivery whereas
when you make a post the algorithm
decides who gets to see it when you send
an email basically your past performance
determines whether or not they get to
see it and there's a couple little
tricks to make sure you get in the right
email inbox and not get in the promo
tabs we'll go over some of that stuff
but big picture you actually have the
list and you send it directly to them
and if you're embarrassed by the way
that you haven't sent email then worry
not because I am too and I will show you
the first email sent to my list just not
that many months ago that's obviously
within acquisition. the portfolio
company send emails all the time but I
hadn't sent anything to mosy nation and
so this was it so I started with subject
is this on and I just said that because
I thought it was funny I started with a
quote that I like a lot which is it only
takes 20 hours of fol effort to get
proficient any skill the problem is most
people waste years before they start the
first hour so I've been making content
for four or 5 years now and I had yet to
send an email and so that quote of mine
felt rather appropriate for myself the
thing is is that I think you can model
something like this like if it has been
a minute for you like you're like I
should have been emailing it's okay you
can start whenever you want and the day
you start is the day you start getting
45 plus Returns on the time and money
put into it so I said after 13 years of
business I'm finally going to write you
I know a while the fact that it's taking
me this long is doubly stupid
considering people think that I'm an
author and part of the reason I actually
didn't send emails before is that I'm so
select with your attention I don't want
to waste it ever and so I would rather
not send you something at all rather
than send you something bad that's
number one number two is that I'm very
picky with written word and so if you
ever see written word across any of my
social channels believe it or not I
wrote it it either came out of my mouth
or I physically typed it it's directly
from me cuz for some reason I feel like
written word carries more ump than
anything else does and it's probably why
even in like legal discourse if you have
written proof and contracts are legally
binding it's because it's written
there's something powerful about words I
basically break this whole down and say
hey I'm starting M money minute which is
basically the name of my newsletter so
my whole goal was how do I provide value
in under 60 seconds so someone can read
it and immediately get something that
they can use in their business and so my
goal is that I hope I pay for myself
with every email that I send and I also
include one thought that's improved my
life and so for here if I were to like
apply this to this it' be like okay this
is kind of the thought that improved my
life and this one I uh I don't have a
tactic that improves their business but
maybe just reminding them to send emails
would be the first thing but everyone
after that that are officially mosty
money minutes do so let's dive into
those now let's talk about different
tactics so first things first everybody
wants to talk about how much you can
make from email but no one talks about
unsubscribing right no one wants it's
like the dirty oh yeah people UNS every
time you send a communication out
there's going to be people unsubscribe
and I don't see unsubscribing nearly as
negatively as other people do and I'll
explain why when I look at our people
who show up to workshops a lot of times
they are people who unsubscribed so it's
not an insult it's like they know who I
am and they they're they're in I don't
see it as a negative per se also every
single day thousands of people
unsubscribe from my Instagram thousands
of people unsubscribe from YouTube but I
just have more people who subscribe and
so I just see the process of advertising
is letting people know about your stuff
and so if someone unsubscribes they
absolutely know about you and your stuff
and it doesn't necessarily mean they
don't want to buy it just might not mean
that that form of communication or that
particular inbox they opted in with is
the one that they want to use fine no
big deal so instead of trying to hide it
it's like probably the the like I if I
see a brand try and make unsubscribing
hard I hate them and so I have always
tried to do the opposite of that I think
number one is that you want to make
unsubscribing easy don't keep people
captive and let me explain by that is I
don't want to keep sending emails to an
uninterested segment of my list because
it'll actually make my domain
deliverability go down long term by
sending it for vanity metrics of look I
sent more emails I actually decrease the
likelihood that the people who do want
to read my emails actually get them and
so that's why you want to make
unsubscribing easy because if you make
it hard they might not unsubscribe but
then they go dormant which is actually
worse for you so make it easy I want to
be real with you for a second if you
haven't sent email or you really don't
send off in like once every six months
or something the first time you send an
email you're going to have a higher
unsubscribe rate than normal and that's
okay I call it shaking the trade it's
basically like pulling forward churn
it's the same thing if you correspond
with customers who are on a recurring
Revenue business and you haven't been
emailing them or haven't been reaching
out to them you will always get more
turn you'll get next month's turn and
this month's turn all at once and so the
highest turn I ever had was on the first
email I ever sent and so it was like
just over 1% which is crazy right but
now it's like 042 unsubscribe rate per
email which is fine as long as we grow
higher than that between emails that's a
that's a good Roi and it's like you have
to take the logical extreme here if you
are unafraid to email because you don't
want to get unsubscribed why do you have
emails to begin with it's kind of like
saying well I don't want to post content
because then people would stop following
me it's like well the only point of them
following you is to advertise your stuff
and so if the logical extreme of this is
just never do anything then that's
probably not the right conclusion number
two two and this one is a little bit
more advanced but very worth it so
hopspot ran a really cool research study
where they saw that they had an incre so
already insane Roi for email they had a
791 per increase in Roi from email from
one thing which is people who segmented
their lists got way higher Returns on
email which should be somewhat
unsurprising right like if you send the
right emails to the right people then
they will be more likely to buy your
stuff so if I send a beginner email to a
list of advanced people they'll be like
this is not for me and to the same
degree and also it doesn't have anything
to do with the email just might not be
right for them and to the same degree if
I send an advanced thing to people who
don't have a business or want to start a
business then they're going to be like
this doesn't apply and so it's way less
about how good the email is and so much
more about who's getting it and so
segmenting the list is basically like if
you have any qualifiers on your optin so
like revenue or if they have a business
or don't have a business which are some
of the ones that we have in our our opt
and process this allows us to send
content that's more applicable to those
people and so when we have our list we
say oh let's just send this to the 500k
plus let's just send this to the 5
million plus let's just send this to the
0 to 100K and so a lot of people want to
lie cuz they think they're going to get
like a better experience if they go up
but like you're just going to get stuff
that doesn't apply to you so just be
honest when you're putting your info in
so let me pull up a sample email so we
can break down the structure so you can
think about it now to be clear you don't
have to do this I'm just going to
explain what I was doing and if it's
useful for you great number one on the
subject heading I thought a lot about
this because on some hand there's a lot
of Internet marketers and and and and
digital guys who you know they they
split test that the hell out of their
subjects and I thought about this more
as like a podcast where it's like
podcast episode X and then it just keeps
going because my thought I'll explain
was if I can basically develop the brand
of mosy money minute to be very strong
then eventually it will get to the point
where independent of what I have after
MOS money minute when people know that
they always get value in the past when
they read it they'll just click going
back and forth on this I was like I want
to build the brand of my email to be
strong and so on one hand you could say
well if they know it's from you then
that could be the brand but we sent
other emails as well that are not mosy
money minute so I wanted mosy money
minute to have its own kind of like
little space in someone's mind that was
a choice I made you could obviously just
have your subject be proof over a
promise that's your call but that's why
I decided to stick with it and that's
what I've done so right off the bat I
think about everything in terms of
feedback cycles and reward and so I want
to reward every action that someone's
takes and so if someone first reads the
email then if they've been rewarded in
the past from asum minute they'll click
and they'll open it now I need to reward
them for that so a lot of people think
about Behavior as what happened before
that triggered someone to do something
but that's actually not how Behavior
works and that's been proven the way
Behavior works is that you did that
thing because you did it another time in
the past and rewarded for it so if you
want to see why someone does something
look at what happens after they do it
because when you do a behavior do you do
it to get something to change or to
improve your life in some way right
words I like I start the email here
because I want someone even in less than
the time it takes to read the email to
immediately be rewarded for clicking an
opening for me a a quote or a tweet is
something that's in one glance they can
be rewarded for taking the first action
that's the first thing I'm doing now the
next thing is that I have kind of the
meat of my email now for me my me to the
email I keep under I think 200 words
because it's roughly a minute and so
that's been kind of like the mosy money
uh minute kind of promise that being
said we also send other emails that are
really long so Lila sends emails to the
kind of like the most qualified
businesses on the list uh that we have
that you know generate the most revenue
and hers tend to be a little bit longer
and that's because she tends to teach
more via story I have a little bit more
like tactical style her emails do great
too so I want to make sure that this
doesn't seem like rule of law I want to
explain why I wrote my emails this way
so we have our tactic and I very clearly
there's a lot of times where I'm like
man I could put this other thing in one
concept just keep it on one thing
because as soon as you start in you're
not writing a book here it's just what
is one very clear thing and I just keep
cutting it down until it's like this is
what's happening and so you want to
basically introduce a a problem or
condition that makes the solution viable
so no matter how good your product is a
stranger won't believe you because
you're biased okay so that's a problem
if strangers don't believe you okay so
the easiest way to overcome this it's
overwhelming social proof okay there's a
solution but now how do I do that and so
then I put a little extra line and de so
so few businesses do it here's an easy
tactic to display tons of proof you
already have but aren't showing this is
one where they already have all the
stuff they're 6 in away from gold and we
just need to cross the barrier and so I
just said cool if you're bricking mortar
print out every five star review
screenshot it across all review sites
online then frame it with $1 frames you
can get from the dollar store cover your
lobby Flor to ceiling with them and see
the PS statement for a realer example so
that also and that's a little bit of
foreshadowing I'll show you um for
something else that we do in the email
now if you're online then you read the
one for online after that it's like cool
I delivered my one minute of value that
any business owner can immediately use
in their business because almost every
business has a few festar reviews on
some platform that they can immediately
repurpose to get strangers to believe
them more and then ultimately some more
stuff I have my little sign off and
underneath I have a CTA so if hey you're
scaling your business go here if you
want to start a business go here so this
us this goes to school this goes to
acquisition. comom for workshops cuz
that's for businesses that we're not
necessarily going to do a deal with or
maybe we'll do one in the future it's
just an easy way for us to meet them so
it's just like cool come fly out we'd
love to meet you okay so PS I always
have a PS statement in every email
because beyond the headline it's the
most read part of the email so not
having a PS statement is PS stupid so
have one the thing is is that I think
about this as again what have they just
done so they have Now read my email so I
want to reward them for reading my email
and I want to encourage people to click
because one of the things I think a lot
of people try not to do is try to get
people not to click or send too many
links so sending too many links is a bad
thing so that's true in terms of getting
someone to click you want to regularly
get people to click because you want
your audience to be rewarded for
clicking in general and so if you have a
Blog that you send out don't put the
blog in the email put a really
interesting nugget from the blog in the
email and then click there so that they
can read it and so you're just you're
training the audience and rewarding them
ideally if the blog is good they will do
it again just like mosy money minute if
your blog is good it'll increase the
likely they do it again if your blog is
bad or your emails are bad they'll
decrease it and so this is why I see
this very much as content because it has
to be good and I and think about the
alternative scenario if you have four
good emails and then one terrible one it
can just like that one was just so
useless that they're like ah I'm not
going to do this again I would rather
just extend a period of time where I
haven't talked to somebody and just make
sure that what I send them is good and
long term if people don't open your
emails then you'll eventually end up in
the promo tab which is kind of like
email death like no one ever really
checks that even if you have good stuff
and so you want to obviously get people
to read your emails quickly so that's
one email now let's talk about a
different tactic so mobile optimized
design so right now 58 60% of global
internet traffic is mobile devices and
what's crazy is that a lot of people's
emails are not optimized for mobile
viewership and that's where a lot of
people are actually going to be reading
your thing and so you want to make sure
that you look at your emails on a
desktop format and on a mobile format so
that they display the right way for for
the viewing platform they're being
viewed through when you do that all you
do is first objective of email increase
the legy they convert and this is
especially true if you had images to
your emails this is more like e-commerce
does a lot of this that's where like
images can get totally messed up not
look good it just looks unprofessional
and totally plummets the clickthrough
rates for your emails number four
consistent layout SL format I tend to
love templates I love to just figure out
what works and then do it over and over
and over again so in the beginning you
might experiment a little bit but if you
see that a certain form format gets more
responses or more click-throughs then
it's like cool let's just do that over
and over again and so you'll notice that
the mosy Monday minuts more or less have
the same format they have the thing they
have the content they have the CTA and
then they have some sort of PS
statements or the CTA is the PS
statement but that's included in every
single one of them I want people to know
what they're going to get think about
McDonald's it's like I don't want any
surprises I'm expecting Big Mac I want
fries I want my Coke and so today's Big
Mac fries and coke is different than
yesterday's but I don't want it to be
different it's not the same Burger but I
want it to still be just as good so
let's rock on to the second one same
thing mosy money minute 391 per increase
in sales from one change okay that's
interesting I'd be like I would click
that so words I like so this is the
immediate reward ideally for them
clicking so they're like cool I got some
value from that and I just use tested
stuff because I just use the tweets that
I know that people have shared the most
and so hopefully also you might get
people who share your newsletter or your
emails as well which is kind of the
point now after that I've got my my
content bucket again this is under you
know 200ish words I just try to remind
people that I keep this this promise
like that's all kept this under a minute
awesome then I have my TTA and then I
have my PS statement and so you'll
notice this very common theme so similar
subject reward them for that meat of the
content CTA PS statement you can alter
like where the CTA is where the PS
statements like these things I think you
can alter around cuz a lot of times I
just make memes uh for my for my PS
statement I don't think there's any
science around it I just think it's fun
you can do that or you can obviously
have your P your PS statement B your CTA
for whatever it is all of those are kind
of viable I don't like rules in general
the fundamentals are always going to be
to reward for every step in the process
so because I can provide value to you in
under a minute I'll also tell you what
this tactic was so speed to contact so I
believe in this so much I started almost
started to fund a buying businesses just
to implement this one tactic so it's
simple to understand it's hard to do but
if you can do it in a few minutes so you
call leads within 60 seconds of opting
in so Harvard Business Review publish a
study that demonstrated an average of
391 per increase in sales 3 91% increase
in sales so let me ask you this right
now is there anything else that you have
on your docket that could quadruple the
sales of your business no well then that
would basically mean that calling leads
fast should be the first priority that
you have because it could quadruple your
sales CU if there's nothing else that
can do it then that should be the
priority of the business and if you're
like man I don't have the sales staff to
be able to to have that kind of coverage
well you can afford that sales staff
with the
391 increase in sales that you're going
to get as a result I love tactics like
this that are just massive unlocks in
businesses and that's the type of stuff
that we go over in our scaling workshops
which is why that was the CTA next
Tactical nugget so optimize preview text
so this is one that I actually learned
more recently for our stuff so maybe
embarrassing whatever optimizing preview
text for the email so you know when you
look at your all of your emails you see
the Bold subject and then after that
you've got like that little bit of text
afterwards that little bit of text is
kind of like the when you hover on a a
YouTube video and it shows you a couple
it's preview right and so that preview
has a big impact on how many people
choose to open the email and so right
now it has for us had an increase of 24%
% and just to give you an idea here 24%
of people so one out of four people
check that text before they even open
and so uh that's what they reported I
would bet it's even higher than that it
takes 10 seconds to do this and is so
worth it because if you don't then it'll
just take the first 150 characters of
your email which may have just like hey
John blah blah blah like it doesn't it's
it's not valuable right and so we want
to pull the the most valuable nuggets
forward especially things that induce
curiosity next tactical nugget clear CTA
so I'm not going to harp on like of
course you want to have a reason to do
it and you have a reason to do it now
and tell them exactly what they get
those are you know CTA 101 but I think
that having basically a continued
interest CTA and then have a I want to
take action and buy CTA are not terrible
ideas to have in an email and so I'm not
saying like I don't I'm not one of these
people who's like only have one link
only have one CTA I think you can have
more than one but it's more that you
only want to have one per audience or
per objective now if you have five then
that can get you know kind of aggressive
overall but I think one or two you're
safe as long as there's a clear reason
that someone would click one versus the
other all right let's rock another one
so mosy money minute so easy 21% profit
increase for recurring businesses so
boom reinforce if you grow your business
without fixing your problems you grow
your problems
instead all right so annual renew fees
so this works for any business recurring
or reoccurring but especially recurring
obviously so if you have a membership or
recurring Revenue model and keep people
over year this is a great profit tactic
that adds a ton of Revenue so it's a
onetime annual fee on top of your
monthly so it doesn't interfere with
with Front End Sales cuz it happens a
year later so it's not immediate so
people don't not sign up because of this
fee and if someone stays a year they're
also very unlikely to leave and so the
fee is usually the price of about 1 to 3
months and by adding it in you add 8 to
24% to your Revenue without incurring
any cost so if you have a call it a 20%
margin business and you add another 20%
to revenue with no added cost you double
the profit of the business from one
thing which is by adding an annual
renewal F in and so this allows you um
to keep your advertised your adverti
pricing because that's what influences
your conversions whatever your monthly
price is but then also get the benefit
of having a of the profit of basically a
price that's about 8ish to 25% more than
your current in terms of annualized and
so for example if I charge $39 a month I
might make my annual renewal 99 so
that's 2 months this takes my annual
revenue per customer from 468 to 567
that's a 21% increase and so it makes my
effective monthly rate 47 per month so
look at the difference here but if I had
it 47 I might convert significantly
fewer customers and so this kind of
Blends the benefits of a lower cost up
front but gets the benefits of the
higher price and that's why it's such a
cool tactic very effective if you use it
well so again CTA and then this one was
a funny one where the other ones were
more tactical this one is like hey
here's how it's just a funny meme so in
the spirit of PS statements if you like
these types of tactics and want 60c
things that you can immediately use to
make more money in your business you can
just go to acquisition. comom newletter
and you can opt in there and I'll just
keep sending you this stuff twice a week
which actually brings me up to the next
point point before I get to the next
email which is how often should you send
email and to whom should you send it big
picture after talking to the best email
marketers I knew before deciding to
start my uh newsletter number one is the
perfect Cadence seems to be around three
times a week all right now again I don't
like rules and if you hate rules as much
as I do then nothing is a rule all right
you could send two you could send one
whatever but most people found that
basically the more often you email the
more you will convert it's kind of like
more content but there is a spot where
people are like I'm getting bothered but
the thing is is that's where I feel like
like putting more effort into making the
emails high quality pays dividends
because think about it like this if you
send someone stuff that always makes
them money then how much would they like
you to send them tons and so that's why
I I'm a big fan of like I don't really
have promotional emails per se I'd
rather just have every email be valuable
and then just say like hey if you found
this valuable you can go here and that
way I don't have to balance like what's
my give ask Ratio or anything like that
it's like I'm just going to only purely
provide value here just like content and
if you want to take next steps towards
doing or working with us or something
like that then you click the link that's
made easily available to you so to me I
see like just having your link or like
what you do or whatever your lead magnet
is in there is kind of like having your
link in BIO so like if they want to find
out more you just make it easy for them
so Cadence wise if you haven't started
yet start with once a month and then you
can move on but I will say this and this
is the thing that broke the barrier for
me is that I actually was like okay how
many emails do I want to send and so I
said okay I will commit to twice a month
and so I actually sat down and wrote 24
emails and it took me like half a day
and then I thought well shoot I could
have been doing this off a half day's
work I could have been emailing my whole
list for a year and so after I saw how I
don't want to say easy it was but how I
could do it I then decided to commit to
doing it and now we do significantly
more than that but that was kind of like
the if you just write 12 emails and
you're like cool I've actually written
all my emails for the year and then
everything else on top of that's bonus
and the reason I'm even making this
video because it's it's not typical for
me to talk about something that I
haven't done for an extended period of
time but I had had such a positive
response from uh mosy Nation from the
mosy money minute that I thought I would
make this video for you cuz honestly
like this is one of the I would say
honestly one of the biggest mistakes I
made in my career was I waited so long
to email and actually almost all my
businesses like gym launch I didn't
email until like 2 or 3 years in which
is insane it's it's just saying no to
money and I should have just done it it
was just the amount of effort that it
took I didn't want to add something else
to my plate cuz I was always so spread
thin but now that I understand how much
the return for email per unit of effort
it's totally worth it and I'll give you
a side note like we didn't do any email
follow on school for a different reason
we had some technical stuff because we
wanted to do it through the platform and
then as soon as we started doing email
followup we got a 40% lifting conversion
so it's like dear God like what else is
going to get you that kind of lift and
again it's free strongly recommend doing
it start with once a month get them all
just block them all out and be like okay
I've got that done and then every time
you feel like motivated to do one you
can just add on top and it's just gravy
it's bonus I personally also don't like
committing to a Cadence I don't really
commit anywhere to a Cadence I never
want to feel like I have to make
something because then whenever I have
to make it it's not as good as I want it
to be and so I'd rather just have a
quality threshold that if I've got two
good ones in me then two is what's going
to go out if I've got four in me four is
what's going to go out but if I've got
zero it's zero let's talk about tactical
nuggies which is the actual stuff inside
of the email and so we want email if you
think about the hypothetical ideal email
it should be one that looks like emails
that you would exchange every day and so
often times emails that you exchange
every day are pretty much all text a
handful of sentences and then that's
about it maybe a link maybe not a link
there's usually not a lot of images and
so we want our emails to approximate
that as closely as possible because the
equal opposite of that is that it looks
like the Vegas Strip inside of the email
right that looks like 100% promotion
which then the algorithm you know AI is
pretty smart nowadays they're like oh
this is just promotion and so that they
can put it into the promo Tab and so you
want it to just look like an email and
so you want it to be as much text as
possible for us we don't send images and
if you do have the link it's you've got
one maybe two links in there Max and
we've also noticed that if we put more
money stuff in an email it tends to get
a higher percentage in the promo Tab and
so I try to remove money language from
the text itself to increase the likel to
gets in the right place if you're like
why am I why do I even bother making it
only plain text why do I even bother
only you know limiting the number of
links why do I bother having you know
less money in the title why do I even
bother asking them to reply why don't I
just send it to them automatically for
whatever the lead magnet is well I'll
tell you why right now for B2B 16.99% of
marketing emails don't even get into the
inbox let alone promot tab they don't
even make it and so that's because of
your domain Authority and so basically
you want to have you have a reputation
with the email servers on how good or
how high quality the emails that you
send are and so by doing these steps
it's it's kind of like 100 golden BBS
there's no one one silver bullet that
solves all this stuff it's just
consistently providing emails that
people engage with and that they do
click and they do open that they do read
those are all indications that the stuff
that you're sending is high quality and
that it's improving their overall email
experience and so just like every other
platform I I will make this very strong
statement which is don't try and figure
out hacks try and simply align what you
do with the objective of the platform
the objective of an email provider is
that they provide the highest quality
email experience and sift out the fewest
important emails cuz that think about a
terrible experience if someone's like
hey I sent you this email and I'm like I
didn't get it and they're like yeah I
sent it and then I look and I'm like I'm
not I'm I'm you know Google is is is
taking all these important emails I may
consider switching servers I would say
that's the worst thing that can happen
so that's why they they like they will
let emails through the equal opposite of
that the false negatives is when I'm
like man this the the filter on this
spam is so weak I'm just getting all
these spam emails constantly now that'd
be less likely than the first scenario
but still an increase in likelihood that
I might consider switching email
providers and let me give you a 2011
Advanced TX itic if you want an even
higher clickthrough rate and
deliverability rate make the link
something that's Google native and so if
I want to send a YouTube link then
that'll probably have a higher
deliverability if I want to send a sales
letter I can have it be accessed in
Google Drive because they understand
what the file is if I want to send a
vssl I can also have it uploaded to
Google Drive and so sometimes these kind
of like Hokey more duct taped look
together type assets that you might send
sometimes they actually convert even
better so if you haven't tested it out
worth a shot next nugie is AB testing
subject declines so I told you that I'm
trying to build the brand of mosy money
minute and so I'm willing to sacrifice a
little bit of short-term open right so
that longterm the audience that becomes
hardcore about mosy money minute will
just always open the mosim money minute
but even so the things after mosy money
minute will still have an influence on
that and so having an AB split test for
your headline or your subject will test
for a small percentage an AB and then
once it has the winner will then send
the rest of the list the the winning
combination and this more and more
platforms are getting intelligent about
this like YouTube does the same thing
for thumbnails and uh headlines cuz some
of you guys are like I I see you're
switching this out it's like duh there's
a split test tool of course we're going
to split test it but the same thing
works for email so that's a perfect
segue to okay well how do I get people
to opt into my list and so what I want
to do is I'll read you the email that
comes in um after you opt in and so one
of the things that I do is I like to PE
like when I write my books I always
inevitably write a couple chapters that
are really valuable chapters but don't
like really don't flow with the whole
books kind of theme but they're still
really good and so rather than just like
toss them or use them as like a YouTube
script I still finish them and make them
book quality but I just peel them out
and say hey I'll just give this to you
when you opt into my list and I have
other chapters that I've written that
like when we do our next launch I'll
have those as bonuses for doing it and
so the only people that get them though
is the people who are on the list and so
I like to have little bonuses that are
platform specific that give people
reasons to also be subscribed there and
so it's like if I could do something
like that on YouTube I would but I have
to do it through a link so at least on
email I can make something that gives
people a recent to sign up Beyond just
immediately getting tactics that will
always make them more money this one
breaks the mold but I want to walk
through why I think this this email is
important and so first thing is I have a
little bit of anticipation I've got a
big announcement that's coming right and
as long as you're subscribed you're
going to find out about it first on top
of that I deliver on my promise that's
reinforcing them opting it in general
and then on top of that you want them to
engage with the email so there's a
couple things here so when you reply to
an email then remember I said earlier
about the promo tab well when someone
replies to an email then you kind of
like Get reinforced in terms of the
algorithm of the server like oh this is
something that they're engaged with and
so you want people to engage and so for
us once you reply yes then we send you
the chapter so that gives them a reason
to do it and so you can have your opt in
have a widget when they opt in explain
the value of why they should stay on not
just get the widget because I think
that's just as or more important if
someone opts into your list just to get
the lead magnet then they just want the
lead magnet they don't want regular
communication from you so I want to sell
them on regular communication from me
plus by the way here's that thing and I
put that near the end because it's like
you have their attention until you give
them the immediate reward that was
promised which you obviously have to do
but I would rather say hey by the way
here's the other things that you're
going to get that I didn't tell you
about so it's like I want to surprise
and Delight with the stuff that I'm
providing them before I give them the
other thing that of course I'm going to
provide it's like you have this tiny
tiny moment where they have huge
motivation and so it's like you just
want to capitalize on it and think about
everything as re enforcement loops and
so people opted in for this lead magnet
they can get the email by replying yes
now I also want to resell them on doing
this so inside the secret chapter it
reveals things like how to get people to
engage with your stuff who otherwise
wouldn't so whenever I get a new market
I almost always start with this how to
make your advertising 9 and a half times
as profitable there are two things you
need to pull this off and it's on page
five so putting the actra page is like
oh this is actually like it's right in
there the most powerful off of all time
this will never expire five ways to add
Hoops that increase lead quality the
four ways to display discounts and
there's a lot more but this is a solid
start on how to design a winning
acquisition strategy so inside of here I
have multiple things that I'm sending
them and they just have to reply yes so
it's cool I've sold you in just these
four lines on why you should stay
subscribed and then all of this chunk is
to get them to reply yes because even
though they said they wanted it's like I
really need them to reply yes so that I
can seg myself to not the promo tap and
if you play out the alternative scenario
which is that you give a bad lead Magnet
or you just immediately send the lead
magnet with nothing else all right which
is both of those are I consider bad
scenarios if you send a good lead magnet
but you don't sell them on staying
they'll just immediately unsubscribe or
just get the thing and then just never
check anything again the other uh
scenario is that they do follow the
steps and then they read the lead magn
and say all of that work wasn't worth it
and that is like the single thing that I
it keeps me up at night and so I just
want to make sure that I always give a
positive return on time uh relative to
anything else someone could
consume and so if we're talking about
open rates then the next thing that
you're going to want talk about is Click
through rates CU fundamentally you want
them to take action and so a lot of the
market of email marketers has actually
shifted towards tracking CTR over open
rates and I think the biggest reason for
that was because Apple privacy laws made
it very difficult to track open rates
and so I'll give you what our stats are
just as maybe a benchmark so for us over
the last uh 3 months our average open
rate is uh just under 36% so it's 35.7
and our average CTR is 8 and a half so
we have a very strong CTR so I don't
know how accurate the open rate stat
that I just shared is I just know that
that's what we get reporting back on but
ctrs we feel very confident on CTR
typically will get pared between two
things one is percentage of all people
you sent it to who took action or
clicked and then also percentage of
people who opened who clicked so it's
like okay so if I had 100,000 people and
I got you know 30,000 to open my email
and I got 10,000 to click then it would
show a 33% per of people who opened
clicked but overall I would have a 10%
of the 100,000 10,000 who actually
clicked and took the next step and so
for us cuz day and a half it'd be 8,500
for every 100,000 that we send which is
pretty crazy it's pretty good and so
that is what I would be optimizing all
my effort for but I'd be optimizing that
over a longer period so think about it
less about each email but think about
what my overall uh CTR is for my emails
in general because there are some emails
that you're like you don't need to make
the quote click ask as hard but we want
to balance that over time so we're kind
of like depositing before we withdraw a
little bit I'm going to give you three
timing tactics around emails these are
all just golden BBS things that'll just
give you kind tiny little lifts in terms
of your overall performance and so if
you're sending let's say one email a
week then you might as well maximize the
likelihood and effectiveness of that
email and so if you're B Toc it seems
like Mondays and Tuesdays tend to be
better days overall and so there's an
average increase in open rate of about
18% for B Toc it's a business consumer
now if you're B2B this is kind of
interesting it's Wednesday that's
actually the bigger lift day and
actually is about comparable to the B
Toc lift so it's I see that as like
there's just a time period for more
people that consumers are more
distracted call it on Mondays and
Tuesdays whereas business people B2B are
like working Mondays and Tuesdays like
they get they get to catch catch their
breath on Wednesday now I could just be
adding a narrative to this who knows but
fundamentally the stats are there and
this is across zillions of emails I got
that from Neil Patel he's an awesome
marketer and so he shared that with me
in terms of days the last tactic is
around what time of day so that is days
of a week but the next is time of day
and so it seems like there's two sweet
spots that occur and one is basically
right before lunch and right after lunch
so it's like 10: to noon and then 1: to
three are the kind of like these these
sweet spots where where they open the
first thing in the morning I think is
typically a very competitive time
because there's so many actual real
business emails that they're going
through that they're like well I I got
to I got to deal with this stuff first
if you kind of slide in in those times
you tend to see bigger improvements now
that'll be more specific for businesses
that are local when you're across time
zones I wouldn't lose too much sleep
over it for us we do all of our stuff
off PSD but I know that I've got a
three-hour window if I'm just looking at
us and if half my audience is
international which it is that's going
to be more relevant for the people who
only uh transact in one time zone so
with that being said let's look at this
puppy so this uh this email did
exceptionally well this mosy money about
testimonials that convert and so the
perspective rich people buy time poor
people buy stuff ambitious people buy
skills lazy people bu distraction and so
I put that one in there because for the
week it was a super high performer uh in
terms of tweets and this email also got
plenty it's so funny because I got so
many tags of people screenshotting my
email and putting that on their story
which amazing right cuz normally email
list only grow up from you driving it
but how amazing would it be if your
email list itself brought other people
in right and that's at least for me
that's my goal so the actual tactical
nugget I'll give it to you right now so
turning testimonials into ads is very
profitable but often very tough so it's
like cool there's a problem right and so
the main reason is people suck at making
testimonials after reviewing all the
testimonials and what separated the best
from the rest there was one thing the
top four all had in common which was a
pain-based hook and so these were my top
four hooks of all time this was just for
gym lunch specifically so I looked over
2500 testimonials and so these are the
top four hooks so we were two months
away from shutting our doors we were
barely making enough survive so this is
different ads I paid payroll rent and
I'd finished the month with $0 of profit
I pay all my expense every month work
all day and end up with $ Z of profit so
kind of interesting that there's two Z
of profit in the top four of all time
different guys we there was no script
there like that's like my marketer hats
like interesting zero zero they both
said zero dollars of profit which I find
fascinating if those hooks and the hook
is one of the most important parts of
any AD then we should obsess about what
the testimonial hooks are so get more
people to watch them and so then it's
like okay so the next time you record a
testimony or ask for one don't ask them
how life was before they started working
with you cuz then they're going to give
this very long story it's not going to
it's be hard to find a really good hook
so instead just ask them for their worst
moment just say what was the worst
moment because that's what all of these
were is a moment and so the moments are
what makes hooks the details are what
make them powerful and so it wasn't just
like oh we were struggling it says we
were barely making enough to survive we
were two months away from shutting our
doors like that's much more visceral
than stuff was hard right and so then of
course we have our CTA per hug uh and
one of the things that I've learned with
ctas across content including email is a
lot of people do the same copy paste CTA
or I even see YouTubers like take their
mini ads and just like slice them in
they're wearing a different shirt or
it's a different energy or whatever I
think that's a huge mistake it's like if
you think about the reason that you make
stuff it's to increase the likelihood
that people convert in the future or to
convert them now and so if you want to
increase the likel that they convert
then why wouldn't you just take like if
that's the most important part shortterm
not long-term then why wouldn't you take
the extra you know minute or 30 minutes
even to just like make it contextual and
so if you've noticed even my YouTube
videos like this you know the CTA for
this video was around the email it's
contextual right if I have a thing for
beginners then it would probably be
around school if I have something that's
really high level around like Enterprise
Value then scaling workshops for
acis.com or the portfolio itself would
be the CTA and so making the CTA itself
obviously related to the content but
also how you bridge into the CTA and so
this if you like tactics like these to
Great your business you'll find love our
actually this is a terrible CTA
I should have said something more around
I should have linked this more to
testimonials so room for improvement but
this one still did really well and so
yeah like FYI 25% of our rooms over $5
million in revenue and 50% over a
million so which just kind of gives an
idea of the the quality of the room that
people can go to stay rich and then uh I
have a funny meme at the end because I
like memes and so big picture same
format boom reward them for opening boom
reward them for reading add your CT in
the middle make it contextual
and if you do that even once a month you
won't make less money and so hey guys we
actually just redid our organic opt in
for this for our email and so the newest
one should be underneath of this video
and it's actually because I have
something very very juicy that's coming
out in the next 30 days it's not what
you think but it's really good
I've spent a tremendous amount of time
on it and I will predict that a lot of
people will it'll be a Canon thing
within you know the the MOs Nation World
I'll just I'll just leave it at that and
so you won't want to miss it if you want
that and to opt into these lovely very
tactical email value bombs that are
consistently coming in on a regular
basis that take less than 60 seconds to
read you can go by clicking the link or
go to acis.com newsletter